Adding support for reading a single file
========================================

I know this sounds a bit trivial, and in fact it is, all blogs I know support single file visualization. Why this small
app not too?

The first thing I need to confess is that I started this as an exercise to teach someone how an angular app looks like,
and so I wanted a very small and limited version. This is my forth post here, and I think it is time now to build a very
basic functionality to support this very basic feature.
 
My posts at this point in time are just MD files. I have a controller with tags and each tag has a reference to the file
it should render. It looks like this:

    <post timestamp="12/21/2014" file="implicit-read-write-objects-play-2.3"></post>
    
I know it is pretty basic, and probably more basic than that, but as I said, this was more a demo than a real blog,
and it is still just a nice demo, no more than that so far.

The first problem I have is not really related to this task, but to the markdown directive I'm using that depends on Angular
ng-include to load files. This is not ideal as it is sanitizing the HTML code I'm adding to this post. So, lets do a short 
pause to fix that building my own directive for using Showdown.
 
Done. After this small debrief, lets continue with the implementation for single post viewer.

The first thing: Add an extra controller for posts and use the post directive I already have with the modified Showdown
directive.

The next step was just adding an extra path to the _$routeProvider_.

Now I need to use this new feature. The simplest way is just to add a link to the title of each article. Nothing fancy right?

Well, the main problem is that the HTML generated by Showdown is not part of the angular process, so I need to find the
first H1 element and wrap it with the anchor with the old jquery style programming :(
  
Done! Now I have a single post view that works with a nice URL. I don't like the implementation too much, but lets think
of it as a first version :)

